# Minutes of 1-30-26
**Called to order at 8:30 AM**

## Roll Call
Tyler Chan
Jonas Cross
Levi Cantrell
Harry Rudd
Ryan Shipwash

## New Business
- Git/GitHub Brief (Jonas)
  - Briefed. Jonas explained Git's structure and members made a "Hello World" repository. This was only an introduction.
- Finalize Contract
  - Assign Roles
    - Tyler Chan as Project Lead (second) (passed)
    - Jonas Cross as Secretary (second) (passed)
    - Harry Rudd as Assistant Project Lead (second) (passed)
      - Responsibilities
        - Assume Leadership in the absence of the Project Lead.
        - Assist the success of the Project Lead and the greater team.
  - Establish Advance needed
    - Notify before 6pm the previous day  
    - Exceptions for Extenuating Circumstances
  - Quorum
    - 4 people are needed start an official meeting.
  - Unanimous 5-person decision required to 
    - Suspend the Rules
    - Amend the Contract
  - Any decision outside a subsystem is official business.
  - Specify Meeting Logistics and Frequency
    - At least 3 hours of total meeting time per week
  - Specify Communication Platform
    - Discord with email and text as secondary
  - Renaming Files and Folders Proposal (Proposed By Jonas)
  - Start words with Capital Letters and use underscores as spaces. No spaces in filenames. Date format yyyy-mm-dd.
  - Emergency contact via phone
  - Virtual members can be asked to put on their camera/share their screen
  - Business Casual for Siemens meetings
  - Siemens may want amendment to the constitution
  - As many relevant members as possible must attend.
  - Conflict resolution
    - If you repeatedly don't meet expectations, that will initiate conflict resolution.
    - Normal process of informal -> official meeting -> Dr. Storm

**Recess from 10:50 AM - 2:00PM**

## Roll Call
Levi Cantrell
Tyler Chan
Jonas Cross
Harry Rudd

*(Ryan Shipwash has been excused)*

  - Deadlines 
    - Tardiness that impacts the functionality/grade will be brought to the greater group.
  - Reviewing Unique Roles Positions and Finalizing wording in Contract
    - VP now manages location.
    - We can assign other roles later
  - Formatting
  - Commit Messages
    - Format in terminal:`git commit -m "subject" -m "description"`
    - Subject: soft limit of 100 characters
    - Example: "Added several sections to Contract" 
    "Updated Role of Vp
    Established enforcement for tardiness
    Emergency Contact
    etc."
- Github Review
- Contract Review
- Our team name is "The Mho"
- Team signing
- *Next meeting Monday after class. Tabled discussing future meetings until then*

**Adjournment at 4:30 PM**
